Address comments. (#870)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/togglebutton/ripple.md

* `RippleColor` (`Color`)&mdash;Specifies the color of the ripple effect.
* `RippleMode` (enum of type `Telerik.Maui.Theming.RippleMode`)&mdash;Specifies the mode in which the ripple effect can be visualized. The options are:

> 	* (Default)`Pulse`&mdash;The element will play a ripple effect on pressed and the ripple will fade away even on hold.

Reviewer: See the suggestions for the ripple modes in `controls/templatedbutton/ripple.md`.

	* `Hold`&mdash;The element will play a ripple effect on pressed and flood the element while held.
	* `None`&mdash;The element will not render ripple effects.

> The ripple effect is available on Android.

![.NET MAUI ToggleButton Ripple effect](images/togglebutton-ripple-effect-default.gif)

### Customizing the Ripple Effect

The following example demonstrates how to customize the ripple effect of the ToggleButton by changing the `RippleMode` and `RippleColor`.

**1.** Define the buttons in XAML:

<snippet id='togglebutton-ripple-effect' />

> **2.** Define the following snippet to the page's resources to customize the `RippleColor` when ToggleButton is pressed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2.** Тo customize the `RippleColor` when the ToggleButton is pressed, add the following code to the page's resources.
```
